docs(components): fonts as assets responsibility (#704)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/README.md

- `node_modules/@vonage/vivid/styles/fonts/spezia.css` - Loads the *Spezia* variable font and defines its font face values. *Spezia* is Vonage's branded font and is required by most Vivid components. folder also contains the font files.

> Note that font files are not loaded by the css file, and must be loaded separately. This is to allow the author to choose the most appropriate way to load the font files based on their project.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that font files are not included within the css file, and must be copied to application assets separately (within the same parsed css folder). This is to allow the author to choose the most appropriate way to load the font files based on their project.
```

> Note that font files are not included within the css file, and must be copied to application assets separately (within the same parsed css folder). This is to allow the author to choose the most appropriate way to load the font files based on their project.

Reviewer: Don't we want to supply examples?
Not necessarily now, but can be a different issue (supply 3 examples of importing fonts - vanilla, angular, svelete).
